[C++] Add Protocol and websocket documentation (#174)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/cpp/1/protocol/get-host/index.md

---
layout: sdk.html.hbs
title: getHost

> description: Return the host on which the protocol is connected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Returns the host name on which the protocol is connected
```

---

# getHost

> Return the host on which the protocol is connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the host name on which the protocol is connected.
```

## Signature

```cpp
virtual std::string getHost() = 0;
```

## Return

> The host on which the protocol is connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The host name on which the protocol is connected.
```
